# MCC6012

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**RecipientAccount** | Pointer to **string** | The account number of the recipient. | [optional] 
**RecipientDob** | Pointer to **string** | The date of birth of the recipient. | [optional] 
**RecipientLastname** | Pointer to **string** | The lastname of ther recepient. | [optional] 
**RecipientPostcode** | Pointer to **string** | The postcode of the recipient. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewMCC6012

`func NewMCC6012() *MCC6012`

NewMCC6012 instantiates a new MCC6012 object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewMCC6012WithDefaults

`func NewMCC6012WithDefaults() *MCC6012`

NewMCC6012WithDefaults instantiates a new MCC6012 object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetRecipientAccount

`func (o *MCC6012) GetRecipientAccount() string`

GetRecipientAccount returns the RecipientAccount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRecipientAccountOk

`func (o *MCC6012) GetRecipientAccountOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRecipientAccountOk returns a tuple with the RecipientAccount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRecipientAccount

`func (o *MCC6012) SetRecipientAccount(v string)`

SetRecipientAccount sets RecipientAccount field to given value.

### HasRecipientAccount

`func (o *MCC6012) HasRecipientAccount() bool`

HasRecipientAccount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRecipientDob

`func (o *MCC6012) GetRecipientDob() string`

GetRecipientDob returns the RecipientDob field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRecipientDobOk

`func (o *MCC6012) GetRecipientDobOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRecipientDobOk returns a tuple with the RecipientDob field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRecipientDob

`func (o *MCC6012) SetRecipientDob(v string)`

SetRecipientDob sets RecipientDob field to given value.

### HasRecipientDob

`func (o *MCC6012) HasRecipientDob() bool`

HasRecipientDob returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRecipientLastname

`func (o *MCC6012) GetRecipientLastname() string`

GetRecipientLastname returns the RecipientLastname field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRecipientLastnameOk

`func (o *MCC6012) GetRecipientLastnameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRecipientLastnameOk returns a tuple with the RecipientLastname field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRecipientLastname

`func (o *MCC6012) SetRecipientLastname(v string)`

SetRecipientLastname sets RecipientLastname field to given value.

### HasRecipientLastname

`func (o *MCC6012) HasRecipientLastname() bool`

HasRecipientLastname returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRecipientPostcode

`func (o *MCC6012) GetRecipientPostcode() string`

GetRecipientPostcode returns the RecipientPostcode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRecipientPostcodeOk

`func (o *MCC6012) GetRecipientPostcodeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRecipientPostcodeOk returns a tuple with the RecipientPostcode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRecipientPostcode

`func (o *MCC6012) SetRecipientPostcode(v string)`

SetRecipientPostcode sets RecipientPostcode field to given value.

### HasRecipientPostcode

`func (o *MCC6012) HasRecipientPostcode() bool`

HasRecipientPostcode returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


