# PaylinkCardHolder

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AcceptHeaders** | Pointer to **string** | The accept headers string generated by the Customer Browser. This field may be used to lock the payment process to the customer&#39;s browser. If the customer were to attempt to use a different browser an error will be generated. | [optional] 
**Address** | Pointer to [**PaylinkAddress**](PaylinkAddress.md) |  | [optional] 
**Company** | Pointer to **string** | The company name for the card holder. | [optional] 
**Email** | Pointer to **string** | The cardholder&#39;s email address. This field can be used to send a receipt to the payment cardholder. If this value is not supplied, no email will be sent. | [optional] 
**Firstname** | Pointer to **string** | The first name of the card holder. | [optional] 
**Lastname** | Pointer to **string** | The last name or surname of the card holder. | [optional] 
**MobileNo** | Pointer to **string** | The mobile number of the cardholder. This can be used for data collection via the Paylink Payment Form or to send an SMS on completion of a transaction. This feature is a licensable option and is not configured by default. | [optional] 
**RemoteAddr** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the remote IP address of the customer&#39;s browser. This field may be used to lock the payment form to the customer&#39;s IP address. Should the address change or a malicious third party attempted to hijack the transaction, an error will be generated. | [optional] 
**Title** | Pointer to **string** | A title for the card holder such as Mr, Mrs, Ms, M. Mme. etc. | [optional] 
**UserAgent** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the user agent string of the Customer Browser. This field may be used to lock the payment form to the browser. Should a different user agent attempt to process the transaction or a malicious third party attempted to hijack the transaction, an error is generated. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewPaylinkCardHolder

`func NewPaylinkCardHolder() *PaylinkCardHolder`

NewPaylinkCardHolder instantiates a new PaylinkCardHolder object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPaylinkCardHolderWithDefaults

`func NewPaylinkCardHolderWithDefaults() *PaylinkCardHolder`

NewPaylinkCardHolderWithDefaults instantiates a new PaylinkCardHolder object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAcceptHeaders

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetAcceptHeaders() string`

GetAcceptHeaders returns the AcceptHeaders field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAcceptHeadersOk

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetAcceptHeadersOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAcceptHeadersOk returns a tuple with the AcceptHeaders field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAcceptHeaders

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) SetAcceptHeaders(v string)`

SetAcceptHeaders sets AcceptHeaders field to given value.

### HasAcceptHeaders

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) HasAcceptHeaders() bool`

HasAcceptHeaders returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAddress

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetAddress() PaylinkAddress`

GetAddress returns the Address field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddressOk

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetAddressOk() (*PaylinkAddress, bool)`

GetAddressOk returns a tuple with the Address field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddress

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) SetAddress(v PaylinkAddress)`

SetAddress sets Address field to given value.

### HasAddress

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) HasAddress() bool`

HasAddress returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCompany

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetCompany() string`

GetCompany returns the Company field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCompanyOk

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetCompanyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCompanyOk returns a tuple with the Company field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCompany

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) SetCompany(v string)`

SetCompany sets Company field to given value.

### HasCompany

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) HasCompany() bool`

HasCompany returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEmail

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetEmail() string`

GetEmail returns the Email field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEmailOk

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetEmailOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEmailOk returns a tuple with the Email field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEmail

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) SetEmail(v string)`

SetEmail sets Email field to given value.

### HasEmail

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) HasEmail() bool`

HasEmail returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFirstname

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetFirstname() string`

GetFirstname returns the Firstname field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFirstnameOk

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetFirstnameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFirstnameOk returns a tuple with the Firstname field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFirstname

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) SetFirstname(v string)`

SetFirstname sets Firstname field to given value.

### HasFirstname

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) HasFirstname() bool`

HasFirstname returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLastname

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetLastname() string`

GetLastname returns the Lastname field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLastnameOk

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetLastnameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLastnameOk returns a tuple with the Lastname field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLastname

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) SetLastname(v string)`

SetLastname sets Lastname field to given value.

### HasLastname

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) HasLastname() bool`

HasLastname returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMobileNo

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetMobileNo() string`

GetMobileNo returns the MobileNo field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMobileNoOk

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetMobileNoOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMobileNoOk returns a tuple with the MobileNo field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMobileNo

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) SetMobileNo(v string)`

SetMobileNo sets MobileNo field to given value.

### HasMobileNo

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) HasMobileNo() bool`

HasMobileNo returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRemoteAddr

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetRemoteAddr() string`

GetRemoteAddr returns the RemoteAddr field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRemoteAddrOk

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetRemoteAddrOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRemoteAddrOk returns a tuple with the RemoteAddr field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRemoteAddr

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) SetRemoteAddr(v string)`

SetRemoteAddr sets RemoteAddr field to given value.

### HasRemoteAddr

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) HasRemoteAddr() bool`

HasRemoteAddr returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTitle

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetTitle() string`

GetTitle returns the Title field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTitleOk

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetTitleOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTitleOk returns a tuple with the Title field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTitle

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) SetTitle(v string)`

SetTitle sets Title field to given value.

### HasTitle

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) HasTitle() bool`

HasTitle returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUserAgent

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetUserAgent() string`

GetUserAgent returns the UserAgent field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUserAgentOk

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) GetUserAgentOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUserAgentOk returns a tuple with the UserAgent field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUserAgent

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) SetUserAgent(v string)`

SetUserAgent sets UserAgent field to given value.

### HasUserAgent

`func (o *PaylinkCardHolder) HasUserAgent() bool`

HasUserAgent returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


