# ProcessBatchRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**BatchDate** | **string** | The date and time that the file was created in ISO-8601 format. | 
**BatchId** | **int32** | The id is a referencable id for the batch that should be generated by your integration. Its recommended to use an incremental id to help determine if a batch has been skipped or missed. The id is used by reporting systems to reference the unique batch alongside your client id.  | 
**ClientAccountId** | Pointer to **string** | The batch account id to process the batch for. Defaults to your client id if not provided. | [optional] 
**Transactions** | [**[]BatchTransaction**](BatchTransaction.md) |  | 

## Methods

### NewProcessBatchRequest

`func NewProcessBatchRequest(batchDate string, batchId int32, transactions []BatchTransaction, ) *ProcessBatchRequest`

NewProcessBatchRequest instantiates a new ProcessBatchRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewProcessBatchRequestWithDefaults

`func NewProcessBatchRequestWithDefaults() *ProcessBatchRequest`

NewProcessBatchRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new ProcessBatchRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetBatchDate

`func (o *ProcessBatchRequest) GetBatchDate() string`

GetBatchDate returns the BatchDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBatchDateOk

`func (o *ProcessBatchRequest) GetBatchDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBatchDateOk returns a tuple with the BatchDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBatchDate

`func (o *ProcessBatchRequest) SetBatchDate(v string)`

SetBatchDate sets BatchDate field to given value.


### GetBatchId

`func (o *ProcessBatchRequest) GetBatchId() int32`

GetBatchId returns the BatchId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBatchIdOk

`func (o *ProcessBatchRequest) GetBatchIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetBatchIdOk returns a tuple with the BatchId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBatchId

`func (o *ProcessBatchRequest) SetBatchId(v int32)`

SetBatchId sets BatchId field to given value.


### GetClientAccountId

`func (o *ProcessBatchRequest) GetClientAccountId() string`

GetClientAccountId returns the ClientAccountId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClientAccountIdOk

`func (o *ProcessBatchRequest) GetClientAccountIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetClientAccountIdOk returns a tuple with the ClientAccountId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClientAccountId

`func (o *ProcessBatchRequest) SetClientAccountId(v string)`

SetClientAccountId sets ClientAccountId field to given value.

### HasClientAccountId

`func (o *ProcessBatchRequest) HasClientAccountId() bool`

HasClientAccountId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTransactions

`func (o *ProcessBatchRequest) GetTransactions() []BatchTransaction`

GetTransactions returns the Transactions field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTransactionsOk

`func (o *ProcessBatchRequest) GetTransactionsOk() (*[]BatchTransaction, bool)`

GetTransactionsOk returns a tuple with the Transactions field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTransactions

`func (o *ProcessBatchRequest) SetTransactions(v []BatchTransaction)`

SetTransactions sets Transactions field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


